# WARNING: maverick-coref and google-generativeai have conflicting dependencies, however, google-generativeai runs with protobuf 3.20.*.
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --constraint=constraints.txt --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
accelerate==1.10.1
    # via
    #   peft
    #   pysentimiento
    #   transformers
afinn==0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
alembic==1.16.5
    # via optuna
altair==5.5.0
    # via streamlit
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
antlr4-python3-runtime==4.9.3
    # via
    #   hydra-core
    #   omegaconf
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonlines
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
backports-tarfile==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
beautifulsoup4==4.14.2
    # via gdown
benepar==0.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
bioc==2.1
    # via flair
blinker==1.9.0
    # via streamlit
blis==1.3.0
    # via thinc
boto3==1.40.45
    # via flair
botocore==1.40.45
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==6.2.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   streamlit
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2025.10.5
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.3.0
    # via
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   streamlit
    #   typer
cloudpathlib==0.22.0
    # via weasel
colorlog==6.9.0
    # via optuna
confection==0.1.5
    # via
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
conllu==4.5.3
    # via flair
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
cymem==2.0.11
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
datasets==4.1.1
    # via
    #   fastcoref
    #   pysentimiento
deprecated==1.2.18
    # via flair
dill==0.4.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
docopt==0.6.2
    # via bioc
emoji==2.15.0
    # via
    #   pysentimiento
    #   stanza
fastcoref==2.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.19.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
flair==0.15.1
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.60.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.9.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torch
ftfy==6.3.1
    # via
    #   flair
    #   wordfreq
gdown==5.2.0
    # via flair
gitdb==4.0.12
    # via gitpython
gitpython==3.1.45
    # via streamlit
google-auth==2.41.1
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   gspread
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via gspread
gspread==6.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
hf-xet==1.1.10
    # via huggingface-hub
huggingface-hub==0.35.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   flair
    #   maverick-coref
    #   peft
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
hydra-core==1.3.2
    # via maverick-coref
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
imodels==2.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
intervaltree==3.1.0
    # via bioc
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   altair
    #   mpld3
    #   pydeck
    #   spacy
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
joblib==1.5.2
    # via
    #   mlxtend
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   scikit-learn
jsonlines==4.0.0
    # via
    #   bioc
    #   maverick-coref
jsonschema==4.25.1
    # via altair
jsonschema-specifications==2025.9.1
    # via jsonschema
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
langcodes==3.5.0
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   wordfreq
langdetect==1.0.9
    # via flair
language-data==1.3.0
    # via langcodes
lightning-utilities==0.15.2
    # via
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   torchmetrics
locate==1.1.1
    # via wordfreq
lxml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   bioc
    #   flair
mako==1.3.10
    # via alembic
marisa-trie==1.3.1
    # via language-data
markdown-it-py==4.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
matplotlib==3.10.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   flair
    #   imodels
    #   mlxtend
    #   mplcursors
    #   mpld3
    #   seaborn
maverick-coref==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mlxtend==0.23.4
    # via imodels
more-itertools==10.8.0
    # via
    #   flair
    #   tibert
mplcursors==0.6
    # via -r requirements.in
mpld3==0.5.11
    # via flair
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.1
    # via wordfreq
multidict==6.6.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
murmurhash==1.0.13
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
narwhals==2.6.0
    # via
    #   altair
    #   plotly
neleval==3.1.1
    # via tibert
networkx==3.5
    # via
    #   stanza
    #   tibert
    #   torch
nltk==3.8.1
    # via
    #   benepar
    #   maverick-coref
    #   textblob
numpy==2.3.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   blis
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   fastcoref
    #   imodels
    #   matplotlib
    #   mlxtend
    #   neleval
    #   optuna
    #   pandas
    #   peft
    #   pydeck
    #   pytorch-revgrad
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   spacy
    #   stanza
    #   streamlit
    #   thinc
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
omegaconf==2.3.0
    # via hydra-core
optuna==4.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   altair
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   hydra-core
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   matplotlib
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   plotly
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   spacy
    #   streamlit
    #   thinc
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformers
    #   weasel
pandas==2.3.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   imodels
    #   maverick-coref
    #   mlxtend
    #   seaborn
    #   streamlit
peft==0.16.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pillow==11.3.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   streamlit
plotly==6.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pptree==3.1
    # via flair
preshed==3.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
propcache==0.4.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
protobuf==3.20.0
    # via
    #   -c constraints.txt
    #   benepar
    #   maverick-coref
    #   stanza
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
psutil==7.1.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   streamlit
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.10
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydeck==0.9.1
    # via streamlit
pygments==2.19.2
    # via rich
pyparsing==3.2.5
    # via matplotlib
pysentimiento==0.7.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via requests
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   flair
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytorch-lightning==2.5.5
    # via maverick-coref
pytorch-revgrad==0.2.0
    # via flair
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.3
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   omegaconf
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   transformers
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
regex==2025.9.18
    # via
    #   flair
    #   nltk
    #   sacremoses
    #   segtok
    #   transformers
    #   wordfreq
requests[socks]==2.32.5
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   imodels
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   spacy
    #   stanza
    #   streamlit
    #   transformers
    #   vadersentiment
    #   weasel
    #   wikipedia-api
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rich==13.9.4
    # via
    #   tibert
    #   typer
rpds-py==0.27.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
s3transfer==0.14.0
    # via boto3
sacremoses==0.1.1
    # via tibert
safetensors==0.6.2
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   peft
    #   transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.2
    # via
    #   flair
    #   imodels
    #   mlxtend
scipy==1.16.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastcoref
    #   imodels
    #   maverick-coref
    #   mlxtend
    #   scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
segtok==1.5.11
    # via flair
sentencepiece==0.2.0
    # via
    #   benepar
    #   maverick-coref
    #   transformers
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   langdetect
    #   python-dateutil
smart-open==7.3.1
    # via weasel
smmap==5.0.2
    # via gitdb
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via intervaltree
soupsieve==2.8
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.8.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   benepar
    #   fastcoref
    #   maverick-coref
    #   pysentimiento
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
sqlalchemy==2.0.43
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   optuna
sqlitedict==2.1.0
    # via flair
srsly==2.5.1
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
stanza==1.10.1
    # via -r requirements.in
streamlit==1.47.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tabulate==0.9.0
    # via flair
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via streamlit
textblob==0.18.0.post0
    # via -r requirements.in
thinc==8.3.6
    # via spacy
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tibert==0.5.2
    # via -r requirements.in
tokenizers==0.22.1
    # via
    #   benepar
    #   transformers
toml==0.10.2
    # via streamlit
torch==2.8.0
    # via
    #   accelerate
    #   benepar
    #   fastcoref
    #   flair
    #   peft
    #   pysentimiento
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   pytorch-revgrad
    #   stanza
    #   tibert
    #   torch-struct
    #   torchmetrics
    #   transformer-smaller-training-vocab
    #   transformers
torch-struct==0.5
    # via benepar
torchmetrics==1.8.2
    # via pytorch-lightning
tornado==6.5.2
    # via streamlit
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   bioc
    #   datasets
    #   fastcoref
    #   flair
    #   gdown
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   imodels
    #   nltk
    #   optuna
    #   peft
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   sacremoses
    #   spacy
    #   stanza
    #   tibert
    #   transformers
transformer-smaller-training-vocab==0.4.2
    # via flair
transformers[sentencepiece,tokenizers,torch]==4.57.0
    # via
    #   benepar
    #   fastcoref
    #   flair
    #   maverick-coref
    #   peft
    #   pysentimiento
    #   tibert
    #   transformer-smaller-training-vocab
typer==0.19.2
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   weasel
typing-extensions==4.15.0
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   alembic
    #   altair
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   lightning-utilities
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pytorch-lightning
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   streamlit
    #   torch
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.2
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
vadersentiment==3.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==1.1.3
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
    #   weasel
wcwidth==0.2.14
    # via ftfy
weasel==0.4.1
    # via spacy
wikipedia-api==0.8.1
    # via flair
wordfreq==3.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wrapt==1.17.3
    # via
    #   deprecated
    #   smart-open
xxhash==3.6.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.21.0
    # via aiohttp

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
