*Prof. Sarah Hillenbrand reviewed and has the following feedback:*
> Most of what I'm thinking, first, has to do with **cognitive load and reducing confusing instructions**. For example, if you were to show two words on screen and have them press "L" for left and "R" for right, those are actually in reversed positions on the keyboard. So, to alleviate the cognitive load and keep the data clean and error-free, a researcher might choose to instead have them use the < and > keys to keep the hand mapping congruent with what their eyes are seeing. That's the kind of cognitive load I'm thinking of here. The more loaded the task, the messier--but ALSO, the more likely your participants are to be relying on explicit processing (e.g. putting things into words in an internal monologue and reasoning about them logically). It sounds like you might be targeting more implicit processing (e.g. quick, gut-level judgments).
When I read "**For each highlighted entity, rate the sentiment you feel is directed towards them in the sentence**" I wondered if you could simplify, but I am guessing "entity" is a more general term than "word" (i.e. it could be a word or phrase, proper or improper noun). So I see why that's there. "Rate the sentiment you feel is directed towards them" is a bit weird--it does seem to hint a bit at the hypothesis. For one minor adjustment, you could use "it" instead of "them" for grammatical match to "entity." I'm thinking something like, "Select the sentiment that is used to describe each entity" or "**Evaluate the sentiment expressed about each entity.**" Maybe you are trying to avoid phrases like this to be a bit more agnostic about the noun/adjective relationship? I suppose this is also principled and the benefits could outweigh any cost of cognitive load. Ultimately "directed toward" may be intentionally agnostic and worth the moment it takes for them to parse the sentence.
**Another strategy for cognitive load--I also think keeping the entire scale visible at the top could help. Moving the slider from "Extremely negative, negative, somewhat negative, slightly negative" had me really thinking about comparisons in a more explicit than implicit way.**
"Positive" and "negative" do connote emotions, but I wonder if you could clarify you mean something akin to "good" or "bad" as they can also mean additive or subtractive. I wondered if you could include an example at the start. Would want to avoid biasing participant responses with this example (e.g. creating the impression one will always be pos and other will always be neg based on the example). **Maybe just give them a "practice question" and then have it say something like**, "You said the sentiment directed toward the car was [positive]. You said the sentiment directed toward the lamp was [extremely positive]. Does that sound right?" It's also possible this is too "leading." If so, ignore.
Some other specifics I noticed--Number of adjectives and use of "somewhat" in the sentence:
"Dakota, a heroic and wonderful figure, encouraged Addison, a somewhat considerate person."
**I would suggest avoiding putting "somewhat" or "slightly" in the sentences since they are in the rating scale**. I suspect there is a hypothesis here that requires you to compare single vs. multiple adjectives--if not, I'd suggest keeping it to one adjective per noun. For example--with "Sloane, a brave, kind, and brilliant person, heroically and bravely rescued Morgan, a monstrous and reprehensible figure" I'm tempted here to use the heuristic of just moving the slider to match the number of adjectives/adverbs (3 adjectives plus 2 adverbs for Sloan, so +4, +5 if I could, and -2 for Morgan). But this does distract from the sentiment of each word, so maybe bump Morgan to -3. Maybe this is what you're setting out to figure out, but worth considering whether it's too "explicit" and just counting adjectives is not really what you're after?
Similarly--"Arden, an utterly vile and disgusting person, and Quinn, an unpleasant person, walked together every weekend." Arden **gets two adjectives and an adverb, while Quinn gets one adjective**. Nouns are matched (person). If you're not testing a hypothesis about number of descriptors want to control number and type of descriptors (e.g. adverbs/adjectives). I also notice Dakota is a "figure" and Addison is a "person." Maybe this is done because sometimes it's, like, a firefighter and a kitten? And you don't want to have some be identical words while others aren't?
I like that if you select zero it asks you to click to confirm. I like the "attention check" as well--I assume participants will randomly be assigned different ratings and you will aim to have all of the ratings here roughly balanced across participants? You could also just put in two attention checks in a row to balance, like "select extremely positive" and then "select extremely negative" and counterbalance the order across participants to be extra safe.
"At first, the laptop was tolerable. However, it was broken. In the end, it is bland." **Bland is confusing as a laptop descriptor here as I associate it mainly with taste--is this intentional?**
Also, is there a reason or planned comparison in showing the past ratings? Just wondering. **In my research on motor learning, often the hypothesis was about what happens if you show this vs. if you don't, so it could make a difference.**
Last question: "Blake, a heroic and wonderful figure, abused Parker, a thoughtful person." I see here why you wouldn't want to use "adjective" and "noun" in your phrasing (instead, "entity"), as the verb "abused" could affect how I see Blake too--unless this is a bug in the randomization and not a feature. Are you testing hypotheses about instances of friction between adjective and verb, like this one? If not, I wonder if there is a way to limit the effect of the verbs by making them all pretty neutral. If so, ignore!
Hope this helps, and if I'm misunderstanding things, please feel free to ask for clarification or ignore :slightly_smiling_face: